[behavioural_qc] Testplan revamp (#8038)
aces/Loris: modules/behavioural_qc/test/TestPlan.md

# Behavioural Quality Control Test Plan

1. Make sure the user can only access the module if they have the permission 
_Behavioural Quality Control: View Flagged Behavioural Entries_ (`behavioural_quality_control_view`)
2. Make sure that without the _Access Profile: View Candidates and
Timepoints - All Sites_ (`access_all_profiles`) permission the user only has 

> access to data affilioated with their site and with the permission they can see data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access to data affiliated with their site and with the permission they can see data 
```

from all sites.
3. Make sure the 3 tabs load _Incomplete Forms_, _Data Conflicts_ and _Behavioural Feedback_.

> 4. Make sure links on all page are function and redirect the user to the appropriate page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure links on all pages are functional and redirect the user to the appropriate page. 
```

> Links to PSCID/DCCID should redirect to the candidate page, visits to the candidate's 
> timepoint, Instruments to the data entry form and feedback links to the appropriate 
> location where the feedback was entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links to PSCID/DCCID should redirect to the candidate page. Links to visits  should redirect to the 
candidate's timepoint. Links to instruments should redirect to the data entry form. Finally, feedback links 
should open the appropriate window where the feedback was entered.
```

I might be blind but I cannot find the feedback links. Where are they? If I click on feedback status, it does not do anything...

Author: I think the "Feedback level" links used to open the instrument/visit/candidate with the bvl_feedback window open to see the feedback directly

https://github.com/aces/Loris/issues/8056

Reviewer: aaaaah, ok. Thanks for the clarification.
